README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/phenom4n4n/phen-cogs"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/dIOX12K.png" alt="Phen-Cogs"></a>
</h1>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://discord.gg/cGJ8JmX">
    <img src="https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/631306089366945821/widget.png?style=shield" alt="Discord Server">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.python.org/downloads/">
    <img alt="PyPI - Python Version" src="https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/Red-Discordbot">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py/">
     <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/discord-py-blue.svg" alt="discord.py">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/ambv/black">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg" alt="Code Style: Black">
  </a>
  <a href='https://phen-cogs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest'>
      <img src='https://readthedocs.org/projects/phen-cogs/badge/?version=latest' alt='Documentation Status' />
  </a>
</p>
<h4 align="center">Various phun and utility cogs for Red-DiscordBot.</h4>

# Installation
`[p]repo add Phen-Cogs https://github.com/phenom4n4n/phen-cogs`

# Cogs
| Name              | Status/Version   | Description (Click to see full status)                                                                                                                     | Authors                                            |
|-------------------|------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------|
| Aki               | 1.1.1            | <details><summary>Play Akinator in Discord!</summary>Play Akinator in Discord!</details>                                                                   | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| AltDentifier      | 1.2.0            | <details><summary>Check users with AltDentifier API</summary>Check users with AltDentifier API</details>                                                   | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| AntiHonde         | 1.0.0            | <details><summary>Automatically ban H0nde alts.</summary>Automatically ban H0nde alts.</details>                                                           | PhenoM4n4n and TrustyJAID                          |
| BanChart          | 1.1.0            | <details><summary>Display a chart of ban moderators.</summary>Display a chart of ban moderators.</details>                                                 | PhenoM4n4n and Aikaterna                           |
| Baron             | 1.2.4            | <details><summary>Tools for managing guild joins and leaves.</summary>Tools for managing guild joins and leaves.</details>                                 | PhenoM4n4n, DragDev Studios, and KableKompany      |
| Connect4          | 1.0.0            | <details><summary>Play Connect 4 in Discord!</summary>Play Connect 4 in Discord!</details>                                                                 | Benjamin Mintz, flare, and PhenoM4n4n              |
| CustomPing        | 1.0.0            | <details><summary>Creates a custom ping embed to display latency statistics.</summary>Creates a custom ping embed to display latency statistics.</details> | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| DisboardReminder  | 1.3.7            | <details><summary>Set a reminder to bump on Disboard.</summary>Set a reminder to bump on Disboard.</details>                                               | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| EmbedUtils        | 1.5.1            | <details><summary>Create, post, and store embeds</summary>Create, post, and store embeds.</details>                                                        | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| ForceMention      | 1.0.0            | <details><summary>Mention unmentionables</summary>Mentions roles that are unmentionable</details>                                                          | Bobloy and PhenoM4n4n                              |
| LinkQuoter        | 1.1.1            | <details><summary>Quote Discord message links.</summary>Quote Discord message links.</details>                                                             | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| Lock              | 1.1.5            | <details><summary>Lock channels</summary>Lock channels or the whole server</details>                                                                       | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| PermissionsLocker | 1.3.0            | <details><summary>Force permissions for the bot.</summary>Lock bot commands to a certain permissions set.</details>                                        | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| PfpImgen          | 1.1.1            | <details><summary>Make images from avatars!</summary>Make images from avatars!</details>                                                                   | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| PhenUtils         | 1.0.1            | <details><summary>Various developer utilities.</summary>Various developer utilities.</details>                                                             | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| Plague            | 1.0.6            | <details><summary>Infect users with the plague!</summary>Plague game with a doctor and plaguebearer.</details>                                             | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| Prefix            | 1.0.2            | <details><summary>Manage guild prefixes.</summary>Manage guild prefixes more extensively.</details>                                                        | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| Ratings           | 1.0.0            | <details><summary>Find out how (simp/sane/smart) you are.</summary>Rate yourself on many things.</details>                                                 | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| RoleUtils         | 1.4.0            | <details><summary>Reaction roles, massroling, and role targeting!.</summary>Reaction roles, massroling, and role targeting!.</details>                     | PhenoM4n4n, Bobloy, TrustyJaid, and Neuro Assassin |
| Calculator        | 1.0.1            | <details><summary>Calculate stuff</summary>Calculate stuff</details>                                                                                       | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| SlashTags         | 0.6.0            | <details><summary>Create custom slash commands.</summary>Create custom slash commands.</details>                                                           | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| Tags              | 2.3.7            | <details><summary>Create and use tags.</summary>Create and use tags.</details>                                                                             | PhenoM4n4n, sravan, and npc203                     |
| TypeRacer         | 1.0.4            | <details><summary>Race to see who can type the fastest!</summary>Race to see who can type the fastest!</details>                                           | Cats3153 and PhenoM4n4n                            |
| Webhook           | 1.2.1            | <details><summary>Webhook related commands.</summary>Various webhook commands to create and send messages along webhooks.</details>                        | PhenoM4n4n                                         |

# Contact
If you encounter bugs or require support, go to *#support_phen-cogs* on the [cog support server](https://discord.gg/GET4DVk).
For feature requests, open a PR/issue on this repo.

# Credits
[Red-DiscordBot](https://github.com/Cog-Creators/Red-DiscordBot)

All Cog Creators

Commit message:

include that Red must be installed first in installation instructions

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/phenom4n4n/phen-cogs"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/dIOX12K.png" alt="Phen-Cogs"></a>
</h1>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://discord.gg/cGJ8JmX">
    <img src="https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/631306089366945821/widget.png?style=shield" alt="Discord Server">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.python.org/downloads/">
    <img alt="PyPI - Python Version" src="https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/Red-Discordbot">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py/">
     <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/discord-py-blue.svg" alt="discord.py">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/ambv/black">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg" alt="Code Style: Black">
  </a>
  <a href='https://phen-cogs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest'>
      <img src='https://readthedocs.org/projects/phen-cogs/badge/?version=latest' alt='Documentation Status' />
  </a>
</p>
<h4 align="center">Various phun and utility cogs for Red-DiscordBot.</h4>

# Installation
Follow the installation steps for [Red-DiscordBot](https://github.com/Cog-Creators/Red-DiscordBot).
Once the bot is installed, run the following command in Discord:

`[p]repo add Phen-Cogs https://github.com/phenom4n4n/phen-cogs`

# Cogs
| Name              | Status/Version   | Description (Click to see full status)                                                                                                                     | Authors                                            |
|-------------------|------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------|
| Aki               | 1.1.1            | <details><summary>Play Akinator in Discord!</summary>Play Akinator in Discord!</details>                                                                   | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| AltDentifier      | 1.2.0            | <details><summary>Check users with AltDentifier API</summary>Check users with AltDentifier API</details>                                                   | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| AntiHonde         | 1.0.0            | <details><summary>Automatically ban H0nde alts.</summary>Automatically ban H0nde alts.</details>                                                           | PhenoM4n4n and TrustyJAID                          |
| BanChart          | 1.1.0            | <details><summary>Display a chart of ban moderators.</summary>Display a chart of ban moderators.</details>                                                 | PhenoM4n4n and Aikaterna                           |
| Baron             | 1.2.4            | <details><summary>Tools for managing guild joins and leaves.</summary>Tools for managing guild joins and leaves.</details>                                 | PhenoM4n4n, DragDev Studios, and KableKompany      |
| Connect4          | 1.0.0            | <details><summary>Play Connect 4 in Discord!</summary>Play Connect 4 in Discord!</details>                                                                 | Benjamin Mintz, flare, and PhenoM4n4n              |
| CustomPing        | 1.0.0            | <details><summary>Creates a custom ping embed to display latency statistics.</summary>Creates a custom ping embed to display latency statistics.</details> | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| DisboardReminder  | 1.3.7            | <details><summary>Set a reminder to bump on Disboard.</summary>Set a reminder to bump on Disboard.</details>                                               | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| EmbedUtils        | 1.5.1            | <details><summary>Create, post, and store embeds</summary>Create, post, and store embeds.</details>                                                        | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| ForceMention      | 1.0.0            | <details><summary>Mention unmentionables</summary>Mentions roles that are unmentionable</details>                                                          | Bobloy and PhenoM4n4n                              |
| LinkQuoter        | 1.1.1            | <details><summary>Quote Discord message links.</summary>Quote Discord message links.</details>                                                             | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| Lock              | 1.1.5            | <details><summary>Lock channels</summary>Lock channels or the whole server</details>                                                                       | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| PermissionsLocker | 1.3.0            | <details><summary>Force permissions for the bot.</summary>Lock bot commands to a certain permissions set.</details>                                        | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| PfpImgen          | 1.1.1            | <details><summary>Make images from avatars!</summary>Make images from avatars!</details>                                                                   | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| PhenUtils         | 1.0.1            | <details><summary>Various developer utilities.</summary>Various developer utilities.</details>                                                             | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| Plague            | 1.0.6            | <details><summary>Infect users with the plague!</summary>Plague game with a doctor and plaguebearer.</details>                                             | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| Prefix            | 1.0.2            | <details><summary>Manage guild prefixes.</summary>Manage guild prefixes more extensively.</details>                                                        | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| Ratings           | 1.0.0            | <details><summary>Find out how (simp/sane/smart) you are.</summary>Rate yourself on many things.</details>                                                 | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| RoleUtils         | 1.4.0            | <details><summary>Reaction roles, massroling, and role targeting!.</summary>Reaction roles, massroling, and role targeting!.</details>                     | PhenoM4n4n, Bobloy, TrustyJaid, and Neuro Assassin |
| Calculator        | 1.0.1            | <details><summary>Calculate stuff</summary>Calculate stuff</details>                                                                                       | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| SlashTags         | 0.6.0            | <details><summary>Create custom slash commands.</summary>Create custom slash commands.</details>                                                           | PhenoM4n4n                                         |
| Tags              | 2.3.7            | <details><summary>Create and use tags.</summary>Create and use tags.</details>                                                                             | PhenoM4n4n, sravan, and npc203                     |
| TypeRacer         | 1.0.4            | <details><summary>Race to see who can type the fastest!</summary>Race to see who can type the fastest!</details>                                           | Cats3153 and PhenoM4n4n                            |
| Webhook           | 1.2.1            | <details><summary>Webhook related commands.</summary>Various webhook commands to create and send messages along webhooks.</details>                        | PhenoM4n4n                                         |

# Contact
If you encounter bugs or require support, go to *#support_phen-cogs* on the [cog support server](https://discord.gg/GET4DVk).
For feature requests, open a PR/issue on this repo.

# Credits
[Red-DiscordBot](https://github.com/Cog-Creators/Red-DiscordBot)

All Cog Creators
